# HypeMusicAfrica
HYPE MUSIC 🎶 We distribute music to all digital platforms We are the leader in digital distribution HypeMusicAfrica is a full-service music publisher &amp; digital music distribution company. We enter into contractual relationships with songwriters, music composers, artists, indie labels &amp; producers for the commercial exploitation of music. We service publishing and distribution to over 200 digital service providers including majors such as iTunes/Apple Music, Spotify, Vevo, Tik Tok, Pandora, Tidal, Google, YouTube, Amazon, and more. HypeMusicAfrica has been innovative in marketing and promotion and is a pioneer of animated videos through social media and maintains a strong online presence for independent music. Many artists and producers across the world sign with HypeMusicAfrica to maintain their copyright ownership and to take part in innovative marketing campaigns to keep them at the forefront of the music industry! WHY CHOOSE HypeMusicAfrica? We don’t just put your music up; we plan your release Advertising with IG/FB for your release Marketing and Promo from small to large available to all clients We get your music seen &amp; heard globally Ability to have interaction with the HypeMusicAfrica team Better agreement terms More money to you as the artist/producer Free ISRC Codes, UPC Codes In-house Graphics Design team for videos and Artwork We are pioneering animation in the music world and continue to evolve to present your art form in its boldest form Login for music upload portal and daily sales and streaming trends Vevo channel creation and free uploads YouTube monetization and fingerprinting that works for you YouTube music video premiers In-house email blasting service to thousands of industry music insiders worldwide We are HypeMusicAfrica Music Group, the world’s leading music company.  We exist to shape culture through the power of artistry.  We are a community of entrepreneurs committed to creativity and innovation.  We own and operate a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music, music publishing, merchandising, and audiovisual content in more than 60 territories.  We identify and develop recording artists and songwriters, and we produce, distribute and promote the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music to delight and entertain fans around the world.  Our vast catalog of recordings and songs stretches back over a century and comprises the largest, most diverse and culturally rich collection of music ever assembled.  As digital technology refashions the world, our unmatched commitment to lead in developing new services, platforms and business models for the delivery of music and related content empowers innovators and allows new commercial and artistic opportunities to flourish.  Knowing that music, a powerful force for good in the world, is unique in its ability to inspire people and bring them together, we work with our artists and employees to serve our communities.  We are the home for music’s greatest artists, innovators and entrepreneurs.  Together, we are HypeMusicAfrica, the Machisu Hype Music Distribution Group.
